Add OBS-Streamlink into thirdparty.rst (#3086)
streamlink/streamlink: docs/thirdparty.rst

  subscribe to. Open streams easily with settings that save your preferred quality |br|
  and player. A man page comes with the AUR package or can be compiled manually.

OBS-Streamlink
--------------

> :Description: OBS source plugin to receive stream using streamlink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:Description: OBS source plugin for embedding streams using Streamlink
```

:Type: OBS Plugin
:OS: |Windows|
:Author: `DD Center <https://github.com/dd-center>`_
:Website: https://github.com/dd-center/obs-streamlink

> :Info: OBS-Streamlink is an OBS plugin which allows streaming live streams into OBS |br|
>   as an OBS source. This is useful for broadcast workers of multi-platform live |br|
>   broadcasts and live commentators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:Info: OBS-Streamlink is a plugin for OBS (Open Broadcaster Software) which allows
  embedding streams directly as a scene source. This is useful for broadcasters of
  multi-platform live streams and for live commentators.
```
